TESTING.md, before:

# Testing

> [!NOTE]  
> Return back to the [README.md](README.md) file.

## Code Validation

### HTML

I have used the recommended [HTML W3C Validator](https://validator.w3.org) to validate all of my HTML files.

| Directory | File | URL | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| root | [404.html](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/404.html) | [HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https://sadghoblin.github.io/nw-interiors-m1/404.html) | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/html--404.png) | No warnings / errors |
| root | [index.html](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/index.html) | [HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https://sadghoblin.github.io/nw-interiors-m1/index.html) | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/html--index.png) | No warnings / errors |
| root | [success.html](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/success.html) | [HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https://sadghoblin.github.io/nw-interiors-m1/success.html) | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/html--success.png) | No warnings / errors |

### CSS

I have used the recommended [CSS Jigsaw Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator) to validate all of my CSS files.

| Directory | File | URL | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| assets/css | [styles.css](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/assets/css/styles.css) | [CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https://sadghoblin.github.io/nw-interiors-m1) | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/css-assets-styles.png) | No errors, and warnings only relate to external libraries |

### JavaScript

I have used the recommended [JShint Validator](https://jshint.com) to validate all of my JS files.

| Directory | File | URL | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| assets/js | [script.js](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/assets/js/script.js) | n/a | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/js-assets-script.png) | No warnings / errors |

## Responsiveness

I've tested my deployed project to check for responsiveness issues across mobile, tablet, and desktop.

| Page | Mobile | Tablet | Desktop | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Home | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-home.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-home.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-home.png) | Works as expected |
| About | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-about.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-about.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-about.png) | Works as expected |
| Portfolio | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-portfolio.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-portfolio-1.png) ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-portfolio-2.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-portfolio-1.png) ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-portfolio-2.png) | Works as expected |
| Contact | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-contact.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-contact.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-contact.png) | Works as expected |
| Footer | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-footer.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-footer.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-footer.png) | Works as expected |
| Success | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-success.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-success.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-success.png) | Works as expected |
| 404 | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-404.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-404.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-404.png) | Works as expected |

Commit message:

Update TESTING with broswer compatibility testing

TESTING.md, after:

# Testing

> [!NOTE]  
> Return back to the [README.md](README.md) file.

## Code Validation

### HTML

I have used the recommended [HTML W3C Validator](https://validator.w3.org) to validate all of my HTML files.

| Directory | File | URL | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| root | [404.html](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/404.html) | [HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https://sadghoblin.github.io/nw-interiors-m1/404.html) | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/html--404.png) | No warnings / errors |
| root | [index.html](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/index.html) | [HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https://sadghoblin.github.io/nw-interiors-m1/index.html) | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/html--index.png) | No warnings / errors |
| root | [success.html](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/success.html) | [HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https://sadghoblin.github.io/nw-interiors-m1/success.html) | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/html--success.png) | No warnings / errors |

### CSS

I have used the recommended [CSS Jigsaw Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator) to validate all of my CSS files.

| Directory | File | URL | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| assets/css | [styles.css](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/assets/css/styles.css) | [CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https://sadghoblin.github.io/nw-interiors-m1) | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/css-assets-styles.png) | No errors, and warnings only relate to external libraries |

### JavaScript

I have used the recommended [JShint Validator](https://jshint.com) to validate all of my JS files.

| Directory | File | URL | Screenshot | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| assets/js | [script.js](https://github.com/SADGHOBLIN/nw-interiors-m1/blob/main/assets/js/script.js) | n/a | ![screenshot](documentation/validation/js-assets-script.png) | No warnings / errors |

## Responsiveness

I've tested my deployed project to check for responsiveness issues across mobile, tablet, and desktop on the suitable devices. There were no major issues found and everything works as intended.

| Page | Mobile | Tablet | Desktop | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Home | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-home.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-home.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-home.png) | Works as expected |
| About | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-about.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-about.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-about.png) | Works as expected |
| Portfolio | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-portfolio.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-portfolio-1.png) ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-portfolio-2.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-portfolio-1.png) ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-portfolio-2.png) | Works as expected |
| Contact | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-contact.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-contact.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-contact.png) | Works as expected |
| Footer | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-footer.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-footer.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-footer.png) | Works as expected |
| Success | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-success.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-success.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-success.png) | Works as expected |
| 404 | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/mobile-404.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/tablet-404.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/responsiveness/desktop-404.png) | Works as expected |


## Browser Compatibility

I've tested my deployed project on multiple browsers to check for compatibility issues. There are no known issues, and site also behave responsively as expected.

| Page | Chrome | Firefox | Edge | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Home | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/chrome-home.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/firefox-home.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/edge-home.png) | Works as expected |
| About | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/chrome-about.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/firefox-about.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/edge-about.png) | Works as expected |
| Portfolio | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/chrome-portfolio-1.png) ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/chrome-portfolio-2.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/firefox-portfolio-1.png) ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/firefox-portfolio-2.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/edge-portfolio-1.png) ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/edge-portfolio-2.png) | Works as expected |
| Contact (w/ Footer) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/chrome-contact.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/firefox-contact.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/edge-contact.png) | Works as expected |
| Success | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/chrome-success.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/firefox-success.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/edge-success.png) | Works as expected |
| 404 | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/chrome-404.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/firefox-404.png) | ![screenshot](documentation/browsers/edge-404.png) | Works as expected |
